story recapped here today i'm going to
show a 2004 zombie comedy film called
shawn of the dead
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
sales consultant sean is at a bar with
his friends when his girlfriend liz
complains how they don't spend much
quality time together as a couple
liz expresses her concerns about how
they're always hanging out at pubs like
the winchester
liz's friend david chimes in saying sean
should indeed make time for liz
david's girlfriend diane agrees citing
how she and david are always going on
trips together
sean reasons out that he chooses to be
in the same bar every day for his friend
ed
ed is a man child with no job who spends
the better half of his day playing video
games and drinking
sean promises liz that things will
change and says he'll start that very
day promising her a romantic evening at
a restaurant for just the two of them
shawn wakes up the next morning to a
pigsty of a house with ed busy on the
couch playing video games
he prepares for work and his housemate
pete comes in complaining about the
filth in the house and adds lack of care
he also brings up how ed is a freeloader
and questions why he's still staying in
the house with them
sean defense ed saying they've been
friends since preschool and he loves
having ed around as they always have a
great time
sean and pete try and fail to get ad off
his butt to do even simple house chores
on his way to work sean sees a woman
faint while waiting for a bus
at his job sean has to take charge as
some of the employees are sick
sean tends to customers when news
footage shows a rising virus threat
sweeping the nation
sean's stepdad philip comes to see him
and reminds him of his monthly visit
he also suggests sean brings flowers as
he forgot to bring any for mother's day
the relationship between the two is
clearly not a good one but phillip still
tells sean he's looking forward to the
visit as philip leaves
sean sees military trucks passing by as
sean buys flowers for his mom
he notices someone running and a
homeless person across the street trying
to eat live pigeons
before he could take a better look the
homeless man disappears
shawn takes a bus ride home and a
passenger coughs uncontrollably
the bus gets into a traffic jam and sean
gets off to walk
he runs into yvonne an old friend and
the two are surprised to see each other
as they talk paramedics arrive and see
that the cause of the traffic jam is a
man who has fallen unconscious while
driving
sean gets reminded of his promise to
book a restaurant for his romantic
evening with liz and hurries home
he tries to call the restaurant but
fails as the place is fully booked
with no other choice shawn suggests the
winchester
liz hangs up and shawn heads over to her
place with the flowers he got for his
mother
at liz's apartment david and diane
advised shawn not to head up but does so
anyway
sean apologizes to a disappointed liz
and he brings her the flowers but liz
sees it's for sean's mom
liz expresses her fear of becoming
someone who just sits at a bar every day
for the rest of her life and breaks up
with sean
ed and sean spend the night drinking and
on their way home they spot a smooching
couple and make fun of them but don't
see that the man's head almost falls off
while the woman gnaws on him
they see another person walking
strangely and moaning loudly
they think nothing of it and assume he's
drunk sean and ed get drunk and continue
their party at the house
pete gets up and angrily tells them to
quiet down he complains because he has
to wake up early and get to work because
everyone in his department is sick
ed notices a scratch on pete's hand and
he says he got mugged and one of them
bit him
he goes back to bed wanting to get sleep
telling them he's developing a fever
the next morning sean gets a foreboding
warning on the television
ed informs him that there's a woman in
the backyard they go to her and see that
she's completely dazed
assuming she's drunk the pair make fun
of her but the woman attacks
shawn pushes her off and the woman gets
impaled on a metal pipe
to their shock she gets back up and
another undead person walks into the
yard
and shawn head in and try to call the
police but get no answer
on the news they learn that the dead are
coming back to life and an effective way
to beat them is by destroying the brain
or removing the head
as they watch the news a zombie walks in
and they throw random things at it
only disabling it when ed bashes it in
the head with an ashtray
now knowing how to defeat the zombies
they head to the backyard
grab a shovel and a wooden paddle from
the shed and beat the two zombies heads
they remember about pete being bitten
and try calling out to him but get no
answer
sean tries calling liz but also gets no
answer shawn's mom barbara calls and
informs sean that philip has been bitten
and is slowly getting sick
sean lays out a plan to head to
barbara's place till phillip
then to liz's then take everyone to the
winchester to hold out and wait for
everything to blow over
they take pete's car and arrive at
barbara's sean finds phillip and
discovers he's still all right
sean talks to barbara and asks how much
she loves phillip
barbara is annoyed and tells sean he'll
have to be civil with philip even though
it's obvious that they dislike each
other
sean tells them that they need to head
out philip gets bitten on the neck
they escape and head to liz's place sean
goes in alone and sees david and diane
are also
there sean tells him of his plan and
diane agrees but david is hesitant
sean eventually convinces them and they
all arm themselves
they meet up with ed and cram themselves
in phillips small car
they bicker and argue why they should go
to the winchester as they argue
philip wakes up and tells sean being a
father has been difficult
he says that they met when sean was
already a young man he tells sean that
he'd always loved him and he tried his
best to be someone sean could look up to
philip dies telling sean to take care of
barbara
shawn tells ed to stop the car and he
informs everyone that phillip has died
but to their surprise
philip has come back as a zombie they
stagger out of the car and run through
backyards with david complaining the
whole time
they run into a vaughn who also has her
family trying to get to the other side
of town
they exchange pleasantries and head in
opposite directions
they get to a fence and shawn tells them
the winchester is just over
they notice that barbara is missing and
shawn hurries back
he finds her and they get attacked by a
zombie but shawn fights and impales it
to a tree
shawn gets an idea to pretend as zombies
to get past the huge crowd of undead in
front of the winchester
the act works until they reach the
winchester's locked doors but ed's phone
rings
ed talks loudly and gets the zombie's
attention
sean is furious and tells that he's been
a screw-up he says he's spent his whole
life sticking his neck out for ed and ed
always messes everything up
they stop and see all of the undead are
staring at them
david takes a trash can and breaks a
window for everyone to get in
sean tries to get the undead horde's
attention and leads them away while
everyone else gets into the pub
barbara finds the flower sean had thrown
away earlier saying she thinks it's for
her
inside the winchester david wants to
take charge as he argues that shawn's
plan has been a complete bust
david is clearly somewhat jealous of
sean and expresses his anger telling liz
sean can't be dependent on
sean pops back in getting in through the
back door
sean tries to flip the fuses so they
could watch tv but sees that the mob of
zombies has followed him and are waiting
by the back door
ed turns on a game and makes a lot of
loud noises which attract the undead on
the streets
the dead come up to the windows and the
group tries to devise a plan to deal
with them
a zombified bartender shows up from
nowhere and then the jukebox starts
playing music
ed shawn and liz fight the bartender
until ed gets the bartender shotgun and
shawn uses it to bash the bartender's
head
liz discovers that barbara has been
bitten and her condition has worsened
barbara slowly turns into a zombie and
shawn cries and begs her to stay alive
sean holds barbara in his arms as she
starts convulsing and stops
breathing david appears with a shotgun
and aims it at barbara
sean and david argue shawn brings up
that all of david's pent-up anger is
because of david's suppressed feelings
for liz
sean says he's always known that david
is in love with liz and that david
believes sean doesn't deserve her
diane confirms this too and tells him
she's known about it for a long time
telling everyone she and david only got
together when liz rejected him
they continue arguing and liz tries to
calm everyone down but barbara gets back
up
sean takes the shotgun and shoots his
mom in the head
david succumbs to his temper and opts to
get out and head to the streets
saying he'll have better chances diane
gets angry with david and calls him out
for his behavior
she shouts at david and it seems like
david gets some sense knocked back into
him
david is about to apologize when the
horde of undead breaks in and takes him
diane goes after david and gets eaten
too ed
liz and sean remain and get cornered at
the bar ed gets bitten trying to fend
off the attack and they find the cellar
doors and hide underground
with nowhere else to go they decide to
use the remaining shells to kill
themselves
shawn and liz are sharing a cigarette
when sean sees a switch for the cellar
door that leads to the streets
their escape sean tries to take ed but
he tells them he wants to stay
he's bleeding out too much and thinks
he'll start turning soon
sean apologizes to ed for shouting at
him earlier and calling him a screw-up
but ed laughs it off
as the zombies break through the cellar
door shawn and liz make it up the
streets but the military arrives with
yvonne and starts shooting the zombies
six months pass and the zombie
apocalypse is being handled
it's still unclear as to what caused the
outbreak but the zombies have been
discovered to still retain their primal
instincts
making them ideal for medial repetitive
tasks zombies have been accepted into
the world as some are used for fun tv
show games and a woman even decides to
remain with his undead husband
sean and liz are happily living together
and sean heads to the shed to play a
video game and a zombified it greets him
as they play together
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching